Host check improvements (#7)
ios-xr/xrd-tools: CHANGELOG.md

It is planned to support 7.8.1 when this version is released.

### v1.0.2 (2022-09-21)

> - Do not run extra checks in `host-check` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not run 'extra checks' in `host-check` by default.
```

> - Make igb_uio a supported PCI driver, and only fail `host-check` if no interface driver is loaded.

Reviewer: Could be clearer that this is really just one change:
```suggestion
- Make igb_uio a supported PCI driver, only failing `host-check` if no interface driver is loaded.
```

> - Only check if IOMMU is enabled if vfio-pci is being used, and handle the case where IOMMU is unconfigurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only check if IOMMU is enabled if vfio-pci is being used, and handle the case where the vfio-pci 'no IOMMU' mode is unconfigurable.
```
